Add & update holybro power modules (#1842)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/power_module/README.md

* Analog voltage and current power modules:
  * [CUAV HV PM](../power_module/cuav_hv_pm.md)
  * [Holybro PM02](../power_module/holybro_pm02.md)
  * [Holybro PM07](../power_module/holybro_pm07_pixhawk4_power_module.md)
  * [Holybro PM06 V2](../power_module/holybro_pm06_pixhawk4mini_power_module.md)

> * Digital voltage and current power modules (for flight controller based on FMUv6X & FMU5X):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Digital voltage and current power modules (for flight controllers based on FMUv6X and FMUv5X):
```
